This project is completely dedicated for node and express tutorials.

#Event Loop
* A loop which is run or started by nodejs that keeps the nodejs process running.
* that handles all the callbacks and it has a certain order in which it goes through the callbacks.
* So basically it's a loop that just well keeps on looping unsurprisingly, at the beginning of each new iteration    it checks if there are any timer callbacks it should execute. We haven't set up any timers yet but basically       there is set timeout and set interval
* Now in nodejs you can also set a timer and basically you set a timer and always pass a method, a function that     should be executed once that timer completes and nodejs is aware of this and at the beginning of each new loop     iteration, it executes any due timer callbacks,so any callbacks that have to be executed because a timer           completes. Then as a next step, it checks other callbacks, for example if we had write or read file, we might      have  a callback because that operation finished and it will then also execute these callbacks.
* Now be aware that with IO here, I mean generally any input output operations that typically is file operations     but can also be network operations and in general, I'm talking about blocking long taking operations.
* Now it's important to understand that nodejs will leave that phase at a certain point of time and that can also    mean that if there are too many outstanding callbacks, it will continue its loop iteration and postpone these      callbacks to the next iteration to execute them. After working on these open callbacks and hopefully finishing     them all, it will enter a pull phase. The pull phase is basically a phase where nodejs will look for new IO        events and basically do its best to execute their callbacks immediately if possible.
* Now if that's not possible, it will defer the execution and basically register this as a pending callback, so      this is how that works.
* Important, it also will check if there are any timer callbacks due to be executed and if that is the case, it      will jump to that timer phase and execute them right away, so it can actually jump back there and not finish the   iteration otherwise it will continue and next set immediate callbacks will be executed in a so-called check        phase. Set immediate is a bit like set timeout or set interval, just that it will execute immediately but always   after any open callbacks have been executed, so typically faster than set timeout with one millisecond of open     duration, let's say but after the current cycle well finished or at least finished open callbacks that were due    to be handled in that current iteration.
* if you registered any close events this would be the point of time where nodejs executes their appropriate         callbacks So roughly spoken, we have timer callbacks, we then have any IO related callbacks and other event        callbacks and set immediate followed by close event callbacks, so close events are basically handled separately    or their callbacks are handled separately we should say. Well and then we might exit the whole nodejs program      but only if there are no remaining event handlers which are registered and that is what I mean with this refs      equal null thing here. Internally nodejs keeps track of its open event listeners and it basically has a counter,   references or refs which it increments by 1 for every new callback that is registered,every new event listener     that is registered.
* so every new future work that it has to do you could say and it reduces that counter by 1 for every event         listener that it doesn't need anymore, every callback it finished and since in a server environment we create a    server with create server and then listen to incoming requests with listen, this is an event which never is        finished by default and therefore, we always have at least one reference and therefore we don't exit in a normal   node web server program. We can call the exit function.

#Express 
* Express is nothing but kind of framework which we use with node to create server. It provides                      functionalities like jquery.
* Middlewares (next): //allow the request to continue to the next middleware in line or the next middleware          function in the file. It follows top to bottom approach.
* For sending the request we got rid of so many things what we used in node js server creation, why? beacuse         express itself use those methods(like setHeader(), write() etc) behind the scene.
* Internally behind the scene express also do the same what we did in node js server creation, it uses same          http for creating the server.
* so overall express  provides functionalities which help us to write less number of lines of codes as compare to    node js server creation.
